Release RC2 (#271)
JoshOrndorff/recipes: text/2-appetizers/1-hello-substrate.md

## Tests

Next we see a reference to the tests module. This pallet has tests written in a separate file called
`tests.rs`. We will not discuss the tests further at this point, but they are covered in the
[Testing section](../3-entrees/testing/index.md) of the book.

## Configuration Trait

Next, each pallet has a configuration trait which is called `Trait`. The configuration trait can be

> used to access features from other pallets, or [constants](../3-entrees/constants.md) that effect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used to access features from other pallets, or [constants](../3-entrees/constants.md) that affect
```

[`ensure_signed` function](https://substrate.dev/rustdocs/v2.0.0-rc2/frame_system/fn.ensure_signed.html) to ensure
that the caller of the function was a regular user who owns a private key. This function also
returns who that caller was. We store the caller's identity in the `caller` variable.

Second, it prints a message and logs the caller. Notice that we aren't using Rust's normal
`println!` macro, but rather a special
[`print` function](https://substrate.dev/rustdocs/v2.0.0-rc2/sp_runtime/fn.print.html) and
[`debug::info!` macro](https://substrate.dev/rustdocs/v2.0.0-rc2/frame_support/debug/macro.info.html). The reason for
this is explained in the next section.

Finally, the call returns `Ok(())` to indicate that the call has succeeded. At a glance it seems
that there is no way for this call to fail, but this is not quite true. The `ensure_signed`
function, used at the beginning, can return an error if the call was not from a signed origin. This
is the first time we're seeing the important paradigm "**Verify first, write last**". In Substrate
development, it is important that you always ensure preconditions are met and return errors at the

> beginning. After these checks have completed, then you may begin the functions computation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
beginning. After these checks have completed, then you may begin the function's computation.
```

## Printing from the Runtime

Printing to the terminal from a Rust program is typically very simple using the `println!` macro.

> However, Substrate runtimes are compiled to Web Assembly as well as a regular native binary, and do

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, Substrate runtimes are compiled to both Web Assembly as well as a regular native binary, and do
```

Author: ```suggestion
However, Substrate runtimes are compiled to both Web Assembly and a regular native binary, and do
```

not have access to rust's standard library. That means we cannot use the regular `println!`. I
encourage you to modify the code to try using `println!` and confirm that it will not compile.
Nonetheless, printing a message from the runtime is useful both for logging information, and also
for debugging.

![Substrate Architecture Diagram](../img/substrate-architecture.png)

At the top of our pallet, we imported `sp_runtime`'s
[`print` function](https://substrate.dev/rustdocs/v2.0.0-rc2/sp_runtime/fn.print.html). This special function allows

> the runtime to pass a message for printing to the outer part of the node which is not built to Wasm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the runtime to pass a message for printing to the outer part of the node which is not compiled to Wasm and does have access to the standard library and can perform regular IO.
```

Also: lingering doubt about where we landed with the Web Assembly vs WASM vs Wasm terminology discussion a while back?

Author: I think we landed on
Web Assembly :heavy_check_mark: 
Wasm :heavy_check_mark: 
wasm :x:

`./target/release/kitchen-node --dev -lruntime=debug`.

The next line demonstrates using `debug::info!` macro to log to the screen and also inspecting the
variable's content. The syntax inside the macro is very similar to what regular rust macro
`println!` takes.

**Runtime logger note:** When we execute the runtime in native, `debug::info!` messages are printed.
However, if we execute the runtime in Wasm, then an additional step to initialise
[RuntimeLogger](https://substrate.dev/rustdocs/v2.0.0-rc2/frame_support/debug/struct.RuntimeLogger.html) is required.

## Installing the Pallet in a Runtime

In order to actually use a pallet, it must be installed in a Substrate runtime. This particular
pallet is installed in the `super-runtime` which you built as part of the kitchen node. To install a
pallet in a runtime, you must do three things.

### Depend on the Pallet

First we must include the pallet in our runtime's `Cargo.toml` file. In the case of the
super-runtime, this file is at `runtimes/super-runtime/Cargo.toml`.

```toml
[dependencies]
# --snip--
hello-substrate = { path = "../../pallets/hello-substrate", default-features = false }
```

> Because the runtime is built to both native and Wasm, we must ensure that our pallet is built to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the runtime is compiled to both native and Wasm, we must ensure that our pallet is built to the
```
